# A Guide to Couchbase Lite Versioning

We have recently restructured how our versioning is going to work going forward.  The below applies to builds starting with '1.4-b0003' and '1.4.0-b0058'.  Couchbase Lite will have the following version structure:

> |Major|.|Minor|\[.|Patch|\]\[.|Hotfix|\]\[-b|BuildNum|] (X.Y.Z.A-b####)

Major, minor, patch, and hotfix are self-explanatory, and BuildNum is just an increasing count of builds generated by the CI server.  If a build fails, that number is skipped.

We host a [public continuous integration server](http://latestbuilds.hq.couchbase.com/couchbase-lite-net) for convenient testing of our latest bits.  At the moment, these builds only come from the `master` branch and not any issue branches.  Since there might be confusion about what is on there, this is a guide to analyzing what is on the server and what to expect from it.

- First and foremost, any build on here is to be considered unofficial unless explicitly stated otherwise.  It does not come with any form of support for deployment.
- Build numbers with two digits (X.Y) are normal CI builds.  They can be though of as 'vNext' but they require an actual number to appease the semantic versioning that NuGet enforces.  The version don't have any meaning here other than:
	- They *may* become the next official version number
	- They will continue to increase so that a newer build shows up as an update for an older one, and a higher version number / higher build number is newer than a lower one.
- Builds numbers with three digits (X.Y.Z) are considered builds that will culminate in an official release (this may or may not be the final build in the folder).  There may be one or more RC builds stemming from this process, but any official RC will be on nuget.org.
- Build numbers with four digits (X.Y.Z.A) are hotfix builds meant to address issues arrising from certain support cases.  They should be ignored unless they specifically apply to you.

# TL;DR

If you want the latest CI build, then grab the highest two digit build you can find.  If you want an unofficial RC build, grab a three digit build.  Ignore four digit builds.  This does not apply retroactively so it does not apply to the following folders: 1.3.0, 1.3.1, 1.3.2, 1.4.0 (before b0058).